Hey
are you a true movie buff then I have an
unusual challenge for you you'll see the
most famous movie fragments but the main
characters are going to be a bit changed
will you still manage to guess all the
movies you'll find out your results at
the end of the video
[Music]
annie has crawled more than 500 yards
that's home of 20 tennis courts
it's the shawshank redemption'
[Music]
it's the ring adios this fragment is
from Terminator 2 Judgment Day
[Music]
runaway fools
if you've answered the Lord of the Rings
you are absolutely right you might not
agree but there's no way back take the
blue one then it's over you'll wake up
in your own apartment in your cozy bed
certain it was just a dream take the red
one and you'll see a magical land I'll
show you how deep down the rabbit hole
you can get I just offer you to find out
the truth
right you are it's the matrix heavens
your mom and dad told you told me what
that you're a wizard I'm a wizard you
must be mistaken and a very good wizard
at that especially if you get some
practice I can't be a wizard I'm an
ordinary boy who wouldn't recognize
Harry Potter the Boy Who Lived more
precisely it's Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone
[Music]
eighty miles an hour it's working
ah this movie is back to the future I'm
on my own so happy on my own the
holidays are around the corner and I'm
like an adult on my own this is
wonderful life it's one of the most
popular Christmas movies home alone step
up onto the rail and hold tight Oh
keep your eyes shot do you trust me yes
[Music]
now open your eyes
yep it's one of the most famous Titanic
scenes come on bite me is that all you
can do is it even a bite that's what a
real bite is this is sidekicks
but any other movie with Chuck Norris
will count for the correct answer as
well ready for the moment of truth
if you've recognized zero to four
fragments yeah you can't be that
interested movies you probably have
other exciting things to add color to
your life if your result is five to
seven correct answers you watch movies
rather often but not often enough you
might just want to work on it and if
your result is eight to ten correct
answers you're a true movie buff you're
likely to be a serial movie goer or a
fan of home movie marathons